src/site/asciidoc/dealing_with_certificates.adoc, before:

= Dealing with SSL certificates
Petar Tahchiev
:doctype: book
:sectanchors:
:sectlinks:
:toclevels: 4
:source-highlighter: coderay
:icons: font
:last-update-label!:

The Nemesis Consoles are javascript applications that connect via REST to a certain installation of the nemesis platform. Normally this connection is done on top of
HTTPS so if you are using a self-signed certificates your javascript requests will not work. To overcome this here's short guide on how to configure your environment
so that your browser always trusts the self-signed certificates.

WARNING: For Google chrome to work your self signed certificate must have defined *Subject Alternative Name* equal to the domain name of the website you are browsing. If you are 
creating your own self-signed certificate you need to provide the following options: `-ext SAN=dns:abc.com,dns:localhost,ip:127.0.0.1`.

== Linux environment.
Linux is always the recommended environment to work on. Chrome and Firefox use the operating system's trusted store so we need to import our certificate in there.
So start the nemesis platform server and use link:import-cert.sh[this] sample script to do so:

[source,bash]
----
 $ ./import-certs.sh localhost 8112
----

where the `localhost` is the hostname and `8112` is the port where the nemesis server is running on. After that simply restart firefox or chrome.

== Windows environment.

== Mac OS environment.

Commit message:

Adding info about localhost and invalid certificates for Chrome.

src/site/asciidoc/dealing_with_certificates.adoc, after:

= Dealing with SSL certificates
Petar Tahchiev
:doctype: book
:sectanchors:
:sectlinks:
:toclevels: 4
:source-highlighter: coderay
:icons: font
:last-update-label!:

The Nemesis Consoles are javascript applications that connect via REST to a certain installation of the nemesis platform. Normally this connection is done on top of
HTTPS so if you are using a self-signed certificates your javascript requests will not work. To overcome this here's short guide on how to configure your environment
so that your browser always trusts the self-signed certificates.

WARNING: For Google chrome to work your self signed certificate must have defined *Subject Alternative Name* equal to the domain name of the website you are browsing. If you are 
creating your own self-signed certificate you need to provide the following options: `-ext SAN=dns:abc.com,dns:localhost,ip:127.0.0.1`.

== Chrome Browser

1) Go to chrome://flags 
2) ENABLE the option for "Allow invalid certificates for resources loaded from localhost"

== Linux environment.
Linux is always the recommended environment to work on. Chrome and Firefox use the operating system's trusted store so we need to import our certificate in there.
So start the nemesis platform server and use link:import-cert.sh[this] sample script to do so:

[source,bash]
----
 $ ./import-certs.sh localhost 8112
----

where the `localhost` is the hostname and `8112` is the port where the nemesis server is running on. After that simply restart firefox or chrome.

== Windows environment.

== Mac OS environment.
